---
Milestone: "M3",
Status: "In review",
---
<!--lang:en--> 
### Description

Mainnet Deployment Readiness 

### Scope
- Incorporate the feedback from testing the deployments and E2E flow on Testnet
- Prepare the Mainnet integrations
- Deployment and maintenance in Mainnet of the milestones and developments carried out in the previous milestones, deployments on Testnet

### Acceptance Criteria

Correct deployment on Mainnet of:
- Casper's wallet on Minteandome's Dashboard
- Casper Network compatible with Minteandome SCs (Rust compatibility)

### Progress Update

**Reporting Period: 01.07.2023 - 14.10.2023**
- Currently facing blockades post dependent casper-node v1.5.2 release, but steps are being taken to remove them.
- Actions are being taken to resume pending activities as soon as possible.
- The end date of Milestone 3 will be re-planned once the blockades are resolved.

**Reporting Period: 15.10.2023 - 01.02.2024**
- Issues related to CORS resolved
- Mainnet readiness work in progress
- Issues with Payment integration being resolved
- Issues with Torus Wallet integration being resolved

**Reporting Period: 01.02.2024 - 23.02.2024**
- Milestone 3 completed.
- Demo completed.
- Technical review request placed.
- Awaiting technical review and approval.

**Reporting Period: 26.02.2024 - 08.03.2024**
- Technical Review: Successfully concluded.
- Feedback: Communicated to the Minteandome team for their action.
- Action Request: Urged Minteandome to expedite the resolution process and API integration.
- Next Steps: Awaiting Minteandome's detailed plan and timeline for addressing the feedback and completing the API integration.