---
Milestone: "M3",
Status: "In review",
---
<!--lang:en--> 
### Description
### A full-fledged wallet client (without invoices and swaps)

**Details of what will be delivered in this milestone:**
A full-fledged wallet is for the use-case when the user gives us their private key and we can make transactions on their behalf. The user has access to the full functionality described below.

**Balances**
- This option allows you to view balances in CSPR and addresses, view staked CSPR without specifying validators.

**Stake**
- This option allows you to stake CSPR into the network.

**Unstake**
- This option allows you to unstake CSPR from your existing staked balance.

**Deposit**
- This option allows you to transfer CSPR to your user wallet.

**Withdraw**
- This option allows you to send CSPR to another address on the network.

**Address Book**
- This option contains address book entries where the user can assign names to addresses.

**Settings**
- Lock Wallet. Lock the wallet until a password is entered.
- Reset Wallet. Reset the wallet.
- Export Private Key. Export the key in text form and file after entering the password. The message should automatically be deleted after 5 minutes.
- Contact Support. Navigate to a chat with support type @dspensehq_support
- Privacy Settings. Opens a submenu with two options:
- Delete Your History. Delete all of the user's transaction history in Dspense Wallet Telegram Bot.
- Keep History ON/OFF. Allows the user to choose if their history is stored. If switched from ON to OFF, the user is warned and the saved history is deleted.

**History**
- Here we display the entire history of operations that have passed through our wallet: Withdraw / Deposit /

**Notifications**
- Notifications are required to notify workers of the bot in an automatic mode on the backend.
- Inform about incoming transfers (unconditional).
- Periodic notification of received rewards (once a day/once a week).


### Acceptance Criteria

The deliverable for the solution is a full-fledged wallet with the functionality described, which is accessible to the user when they provide their private key. The acceptance criteria for this solution are:

- The wallet must display balances in CSPR and addresses, as well as staked CSPR without specifying validators.
- The wallet must allow users to stake and unstake CSPR.
- The wallet must allow for deposits and withdrawals of CSPR.
- The wallet must have an address book feature for naming addresses.
- The wallet must have settings for locking, resetting, and exporting private keys, as well as a support chat option and privacy settings.
- The wallet must display the entire history of operations (withdrawals, deposits, etc.).
- The wallet must provide notifications for incoming transfers and periodic rewards.

Additionally, the wallet client must be open-sourced and made publicly available for use and contribution. 
Some backend parts will be open-sourced as well, e.g. schema for Postgres database, CRON jobs.


### Progress Update

**Reporting Period: 15.09.2023 - 15.11.2023**
- Milestone 3 work in progress
- Progressing to plan 

**Reporting Period: 15.11.2023 - 15.12.2023**
- Milestone 3 completed

**Reporting Period: 15.12.2023 - 15.01.2024**
- Technical review completed. Findings shared with Dspense Wallet team.
- Review observations addressed in Milestone 4 delivery.

**Reporting Period: 16.01.2024 - 09.02.2024**
- Milestone reviewed and approved
- Invoice processing will be processed as per FinOps processing cycle