---
Milestone: "M3",
Status: "Complete",
---
<!--lang:en--> 
### Description

We develop / convert the no-code NFT (CEP-78) module on Casper Network.
The users can do the following on Casper, no-code using dApp4Cspr NFT Module (i.e. The Casper NFT Module will create and deploy the relevant smart contracts automatically and provide web2 SDK’s to access the smart contracts.):

Create and mint NFT Collections (CEP-78) for their projects/games. 
Create lootboxes and manage them by importing NFT items from various collections. (Lootbox smart contracts are used in Web3 games so that a lootbox can store NFT items from various collections).
Create mergeable NFT’s.
Create timed NFT’s.
Assign NFT collections to games or apps.
Create in app/game NFT Marketplace: The NFT’s created are tradable in 3rd party marketplaces and in app/game marketplace. Therefore, developing an in-app marketplace is crucial. dApp4Cspr NFT module will include functionality to do it no-code.

The system will support CEP-78 standard.


### Acceptance Criteria

Criteria 1: Users are able to design and mint NFT Collections of various types in CEP-78 standard,  no-code using dApp4Cspr UI/UX.

How to check: 

The user tests the following NFT Module functionality on dApp4Cspr.io app.

Design and mint NFT Collections of various types. 
Check the relevant smart contracts deployed on Casper Network via https://cspr.live/.
Test the NFT Collection smart contracts by minting, trading NFT items.
Create Mergeable NFTs.
Check the relevant smart contracts deployed on Casper Network via https://cspr.live/.
Test the NFT Collection smart contracts by minting, trading NFT items.
Create Lootboxes
Check the relevant smart contracts deployed on Casper Network via https://cspr.live/.
Test the NFT lootbox smart contracts by using lootboxes in games. The developer can use the Unity or Unreal SDK to interact with a game code.
Create an in-app NFT Marketplace for the above NFT collections. 
Check the relevant smart contracts deployed on Casper Network via https://cspr.live/.
Test the NFT Marketplace smart contracts by trading NFT items on it.


