---
Milestone: "M1",
Status: "Complete",
---
<!--lang:en--> 
### Description

This integration enables all helix markets users full access to the Casper Network Ecosystem from our platform. Every user that is signed up to Helix will have a segregated Casper address with which he can buy or sell any Casper native asset listed on Helix.
Integration of Helix into the Casper network, this includes:
creation of native Casper network addresses from our smart contract; replicate casper-client keygen -asecp256k1 in the helix markets landlord smart contract creating Casper transfers, having them signed by the helix markets smart contract and propagation of transfers from our smart contract to the Casper network; replicate casper-client transfer in the helix markets backend and landlord smart contract.

### Acceptance Criteria
Helix smart contract holds Casper network addresses and executes txs on the Casper network.


### Progress Update

**Reporting Period: 22.08.2023 - 05.09.2023**
- The backend work of wallet creation, transaction creation is in progress.
- A new sprint is started this week and by the end of it, the backend integration on Casper will be completed. 
- The fronend will be integrated in two weeks.

Open Questions: 
1. Is it possible to get a couple od test tokens that we can run the contracts and basically look at transactions etc. and tradings?
2. Is Casper integrated with any AML transaction monitoring provider?It is pretty critical to Helix once they go on mainnet based on the license that they're acquiring, they need this. They have connection to refer for this If Casper does not have it. 


**Reporting Period: 05.09.2023 - 19.09.2023**
- The backend is ready. They are working on the frontend.
- Milestone 1 will be ready on October 24th
- They will deploy on mainnet in the middle of November
