---
Milestone: "M5",
Status: "To do",
---
<!--lang:en--> 
### Description

The following NFT categories exist (as of Apr 19, 2024).
- Ad Spots, i.e. placement of ads on cars and/or other exposed surfaces.
- Experiences, i.e. access to certain areas, test drives, track days, VIP access, etc.
- Merchandize i.e. car parts; clothing packages; with inclusion of high value objects.
Sports Advantage aims to onboard multiple teams. The limiting factor for Ad Spot NFTs is the already
completed sponsoring of teams for the coming season, i.e. the amount of unsold ad spots for the
season is limited, typical number of unique sponsors per team is between 2 and 10.


A deployed Sports Advantage Marketplace with cspr.click, enabling users to participate in activities,
such as searching for ad spots, reserving ad assets, and transacting with other NFT categories,
including, experiences and merchandising.
Two teams fully integrated and onboarded with the Sports Advantage Marketplace on Casper
(Mainnet). For clarity “integrated and onboarded” in all cases means that teams at least are setup in the
marketplace with a team profile and have been enabled to create ad spots, experiences, and
merchandize for sale in the marketplace.
Deployed NFTs smart contracts on the Casper mainnet.
Minimum of 200 NFTs minted on the Casper mainnet representing all NFT categories. Sports
Advantage will pursue but is not limited to the minting of high value NFTs, including ad spots in the
current season, car parts, VIP experience track days.

### Acceptance Criteria

Link to the Sports Advantage development platform according to the designs agreed in previous
milestones.
Link to the deployed smart contracts on the mainnet as specified and agreed on previous milestones.
Link showing the asset NFTs minting on the mainnet: minimum of 200 NFTs minted on mainnet
following the software architecture defined and agreed on previous milestones.
Joint strategy on communications, marketing, and PR.
Two teams fully integrated and onboarded with the Sports Advantage Marketplace on Casper
(Mainnet).
Cspr.click deployed and working on the Sports Advantage Marketplace.

### Progress Update

**Reporting Week: 17.08.2023 - 17.08.2023**
