---
Milestone: "M2",
Status: "Complete",
---
<!--lang:en--> 
### Description

### Non-Deforestation NFT generation

A system of interaction between the generation of NFTs from the previous point must be designed. Achieving functionalities such as expiring an NFT and creating an NFT from two specific NFTs. Here, there will be a lot of work managing wallets and NFTs to make the flow easy for the end client. The final objective is to have an automatic representation on the blockchain of a certification process that is done manually every 3-6 months. This process can maintain the certificate, improve it, or expire it. The NFTs (with their rarity) will have to exemplify the same.


### Acceptance Criteria

- Deliver a detailed flow of how the generation and creation of NFTs will go (with approximate usage metrics).
- Create a function (script) that creates an NFT from two NFTs via an API.
- Create a function (script) that proposes an expiration date for this NFT when it is created, at which point it will be destroyed (if auto-deprecation is not possible)
- These NFTs must contain a satellite image of the crop location with basic information (to be specified) about its traceability (a design should be made to show it as a card or sticker).

### Progress Update

**Reporting Week: 15.04.2024 - 15.05.2024**
- Milestone 2 in progress
- Development completed
- Internal Testing in progress
- Milestone submission expected on week commencing 4th June 2024

**Reporting Week: 16.05.2024 - 15.06.2024**
- Milestone 2 completed
- Technical Review in progress
- Demo planned 

**Reporting Week: 16.06.2024 - 15.07.2024**
- Demo completed
- Milestone 2 - Technical Review completed successfully.
- Launch campaign planned
