---
Milestone: "M3",
Status: "In review",
---
<!--lang:en--> 
### Description
### New Set of Wallets & NFTs created

**Details of what will be delivered in this milestone:**
30,000 UAW (Unique Active Wallet) creation: Each time a new wallet is created, it becomes part of the blockchain, and any assets stored in these wallets are recorded on the blockchain. Our wallet functions as a custodian, securely holding users' private keys, and operates similarly to a platform like Binance Exchange.


### Acceptance Criteria

Deliverables 
- 30,000 NFTs minting on Casper (Battle pass/ Tournament entry pass)



### Progress Update

**Reporting Period: 18.04.2023 - current**
- Milestone 3 completed
- Smart Contract developed and delivered
- NFTs are being minted
- Review in progress
- Launch activities to be planned

**Reporting Period: 01.02.2024 - 14.02.2024**
- Milestone 2 partially completed
- Smart Contract developed and delivered
- Smart Contract reviewed and completed
- 20,000 NFTs minting for game on Casper Network is in progress.NFT minting will happen between 26.02.2024 to 28.02.2024
- 50,000 UAW will be created on the week commencing 26.02.2024.

**Reporting Period: 15.02.2024 - 08.03.2024**
- Milestone 2 partially completed
- Game deployment into Mainnet in progress.Team is working on resolving test issues. 
- 20,000 NFTs minting for game on Casper Network is in progress.
- 50,000 UAW will be created on the week commencing 18.03.2024.

**Reporting Period: 11.03.2024 - 04.03.2024**
- Milestone 2 partially completed
- Deployment issues were resolved and Tornado Master is Live on Mainnet
- Around 14,000 out of planned 20,000 NFTs minted. Remaining NFTs minting is in progress.
- 50,000 UAW creating is also in progress.