---
Milestone: "M1",
Status: "In Progress",
---
<!--lang:en--> 
### Description

Conduct market research and add more carbon reporting standards
Prepare architecture design document for:
- Application Architecture
- Casper Integration
- Wallet layer
- Smart contracts
- Encryption layer
- UI/UX and Wireframing
- Application layer changes
- Lite version
- Main app version
for the SCM/PLM and carbon emissions modules, considering the integration of web and tablet applications with different roles (admin and worker/user).
Hire a recruitment assistant and onboard additional team members, including 1 blockchain developer and 2 MERN stack developers.
Application changes:
Redefining application layer to sub modules Breaking the modules to 3 sub parts:
1. Carbon Emission separate module
2. PLM separate module
3. End to end application

### Acceptance Criteria
Market research findings documented and presented.

▪ Architecture and wireframes design document approved by the project stakeholders.
CasperLabs pro Services will need to review and sign off on it.
▪ Completion of the recruitment process, with the recruitment assistant hired and additional
team members onboarded.
▪ KPI: Approval of the architecture design document.
▪ Contribution to Casper: Save time on research and provide a template for similar cases.


### Progress Update

**Reporting Period: 15.08.2023 - 30.08.2023**
The research has started
They need support to find developers


**Reporting Period: 20.08.2023 - 15.09.2023**
They have hired the developers and the project has started. 