---
Milestone: "M4",
Status: "In progress",
---
<!--lang:en--> 
### Description

Two modules will be delivered on Casper Network in this milestone:
Staking Module: The user can use this module to design, create and deploy staking smart contracts for its fungible and non-fungible tokens. The APR are normally dynamic according to decentralized staking algorithms, however, constant APR’s are possible using the dApp4Cspr Staking Module. This helps users of the system provide constant revenue assurance for their client. 
Staking contracts can have various rules and information like:
Fixed or dynamic APR, Fixed APR %, Token Type, Max Cap, Minimum nd Maximum Stake per Wallet, Lock Period, Deposit Start Time, Deposit End Time.

Raffles Module: Raffles are used extensively in web3 applications. The user can design and deploy raffles smart contracts no-code using the Raffle Module. The user can enter a raffle name, select an NFT Collection, enter price, Raffle Start Time, and End Time for the relevant smart contract.

Web front-end is available to use the Staking and Raffle smart contracts. Users can also access their smart contracts via the SDK’s they can download from dApp4Cspr.io.


### Acceptance Criteria

Criteria 1: Staking Module.
Users are able to design, develop and deploy web3 staking for a token, no-code using dApp4Cspr UI/UX.

How to check: 
The user tests the following Staking  functionality on dApp4Cspr.app.
Select a token on Casper Network and click Staking.
Fill in the Staking contract design webform. (Fixed or dynamic APR, Fixed APR %, Token Type, Max Cap, Minimum and Maximum Stake per Wallet, Lock Period, Deposit Start Time, Deposit End Time.)
Click Save.
Check the relevant smart contract deployed on Casper Network via https://cspr.live/.
Test the staking smart contract by interacting with it on the automatically generated web front-end on dApp4Cspr or using any SDK provided by dApp4Cspr.

Criteria 2: Raffle Module
Users are able to design, develop and deploy web3 raffles for a token, no-code using dApp4Cspr UI/UX.

How to check: 
The user tests the following Raffle functionality on dApp4Cspr.app.
Go to Raffles tab on dApp4Cspr.
Fill in the Raffles contract design webform. (Name, Collection Address, NFT Collection Address, Price, Raffle Start Time, and End Time)
Click Save.
Check the relevant smart contract deployed on Casper Network via https://cspr.live/.
Test the raffles smart contract by interacting with it on the automatically generated web front-end on dApp4Cspr.io or using any SDK provided by dApp4Cspr.

