---
Milestone: "M5",
Status: "To do",
---
<!--lang:en--> 
### Description

dApp4Cspr plans to provide wallet options to the users. Casper wallet, dApp4Cspr custodial wallet, etc. Creating a secure custodial wallet for a web3 game requires a combination of technical knowledge and security expertise. It's important to carefully design, implement, and test the wallet to ensure it can be used safely and securely by players. We have  experience in booth security and the technical knowledge base. For each player and the game studio users we will generate custodial wallets where the private keys will be stored securely. We will use Key Management Services (KMS) such as Amazon KMS for this purpose. 

To secure wallet private keys in Amazon KMS, we will in general follow the following steps:
 
We will create a platform master key in Amazon KMS. This is the key that will be used to encrypt and decrypt your private keys.
We will use the encrypt function in the Amazon KMS API to encrypt the wallet private keys using the platform master key  just created. This will return a ciphertext that we can store securely.
We will then store the ciphertext in a password-protected storage service.
When we need to use private keys, we will use the decrypt function in the Amazon KMS API to decrypt the ciphertext and retrieve the  private keys only on microservice internal functions.
Overall, using Amazon KMS to encrypt and store wallet private keys can help protect them from unauthorized access. It's important to note that this method will not be adequate for full security but we add more Symmetric and Asymmetric key usages for extra securing the private keys that we could not give in detail.

### Acceptance Criteria

Open a user account. 
Check the balances at the public address of the custodial wallet corresponding to the user. 
Send money to the user account using the Custodial API from another dApp4Cspr custodial wallet address and check the balance.
Send money to the user account using the Custodial API from another non-custodial wallet address and check the balance.
Withdraw token from the custodial account to any wallet address. Check the balances. 
Check the transaction details in all of the above tests.
