---
Milestone: "M1",
Status: "In review",
---
<!--lang:en--> 
### Description

### Traceability blockchain initialization

Basically, the data structure to be saved must be developed, the agronomic variables must be well defined, and our current application must be adapted to be able to collect them. Finally, these data must be uploaded to the blockchain in the form of metadata (NFT) which will serve to see its traceability. The estimated time is about 10 weeks (however, we depend on third-party data), in case of delay we will mock data.


### Acceptance Criteria

- Understand the entire Casper Network development environment and know all of its key elements (there should be training to achieve this).
- Be able to generate an NFT with images and metadata via API (create a script to do this).
- Be able to verify online that an NFT has been generated with an image and metadata with client agronomic data (even if it's fake for development purposes).
- Have a script that queries this NFT via API.
- Have a node implemented to be able to perform all these interactions.


### Progress Update

**Reporting Week: 01.12.2023 - 01.01.2024**
- Progressing to plan.

**Reporting Week: 01.01.2024 - 31.01.2024**
- Trailing behind due to Minteandome's Milestone 3 delivery delay.

**Reporting Week: 01.02.2024 - 23.02.2024**
- Minteandome's Milestone 3 in review. 
- Delay due to Minteandome's dependency is mitigated by prioritising Minteandome's Milestone 3 review and approval.
- Layers Trace Tech team is setting up their own node. Upgrading to 1.5.6. 
- Facing issues in upgrading 1.5.6. Sought Tech Support's help.

**Reporting Period: 26.02.2024 - 08.03.2024**
- Milestone 1 Deliverables: Completed all deliverables related to Layers3 Trace Technology.
- API Integration: Currently awaiting integration with Minteandome's API.
- Next Steps: Prioritise resolving dependencies on Minteandome to continue progress.

