---
Milestone: "M3",
Status: "In progress",

---
<!--lang:en--> 
### Description

NFT Marketplace for CEP47 and CEP78 standards. Integrated into Mystra multichain
marketplace.

Functionalities:
Browsing data and history of users, assets and full collections,
listing, making offers with cancelling option auctions of NFT assets. Advanced filtering of marketplace content Collection creators can edit collection profile on platform. DALLE is integrated into the marketplace and users are able to generate images via DALLE module. This images can be minted on the NFT marketplace.


### Acceptance Criteria

1. User can enter marketplace module through Mystra platform
2. Main page shows featured collections, new listings and auctions.
3. User can click any collection and view its data (creator, banner, icons, all items, contract address, history of listings and sales, etc).
4. User can click any NFT item and view its data (metadata, contract type, history of listings and sales, contract address etc.) and make offer or buy NFT if its already listed.
5. NFT owner can list his NFT on marketplace for price specified in CSPR.
6. Collection owner can register and login with his wallet and set banner and avatar for NFT collection.
7. User can participate in auction by bidding and is eligible for claim of NFT if he won.
8. User can cancel his offer/listing
KPIs:
- NFT auction finished succesfully on Casper mainnet
- NFT can be transferred, bought and sold

### Progress Update

**Reporting Week: 17.08.2023 - 17.08.2023**