---
Milestone: "M4",
Status: "To Do",
---
<!--lang:en--> 
### Description

Implementation of an encrypted communication protocol enabling the sending and
receiving of text messages between Casper Network Public Keys.
Offchain Variant: Utilizes storage and message processing through a database. Signing a message with a public key and sending it does not require a network fee. Onchain Variant: Utilizes storage and message processing through a dedicated smart contract. Signing a message with a public key and sending it requires a network fee.
1. Users can access the chat module via the Mystra platform after registration.
2. Users can create a chat group, select members, specify group metadata, and set the type (public/private).
3. Each user can sign a message with their wallet to verify themselves as the sender.
4. Each message is encoded with the group's secret key, and every group member
can encode and read messages.
5. Transfer CEP47, CEP78, and CEP18 tokens to other chat users and display
transfer data on the chat.
6. Request transfers of CEP47, CEP78, and CEP18 in the group chat.

### Acceptance Criteria

KPIs for Communication Protocol for Public Key:
Offchain Variant:
1. Number of Sent Messages: Total number of messages sent by users: 1000
2. Message Processing Time: Average time from sending to receiving messages: 1s
3. Transmission Security: Number of incidents related to transmission security
breaches: 0%

Onchain Variant (Smart Contract):
1. Transaction Cost: Average cost of sending a message: Less than 1 CSPR
2. Minimum number of transactions executed through the smart contract: 1000
3. Number of incidents related to smart contract security: 0%

### Progress Update

**Reporting Week: 17.08.2023 - 17.08.2023**