---
Milestone: "M1",
Status: "In review",
---
<!--lang:en--> 
### Description
### Blockchain Explorer Library 

**Details of what will be delivered in this milestone:**
This library written in Go serves as a blockchain explorer that provides all the necessary information like:

- Parsing deploys and transfers from the block to gather information on transactions, delegations, rewards, and other tokens.
- Showing the balance in CSPR and USD.
- Displaying the rewards received for a selected period.
- Calculating the APY of the user's wallet.
- Providing notifications about received rewards and deposits.
- Presenting the transaction history.
- Offering a rewards calculator for choosing a validator.

By default it will be used in conjunction with the wallet client to improve efficiency, as working directly with the Casper Blockchain will significantly slow it down - but it will be also possible to use the library as standalone, without relying on SimpleWallet infrastructure.


### Acceptance Criteria

Deliverable: A standalone open-source Go library for parsing the blockchain and working with CSPR.

Acceptance Criteria:

- Open-source: The library must be open-source and hosted on GitHub.
- Parsing: The library must be able to parse transactions, delegate/undelegate, and rewards data from the blockchain.
- CSPR compatibility: The library must work with CSPR (the token used in the blockchain).
- Standalone: The library must be a standalone component that can be easily integrated into other applications.


### Progress Update

**Reporting Period: 15.05.2023 - 31.05.2023**
- KYB/KYC Process
- Casper - Simple Wallet Contract Creation Process

**Reporting Period: 01.06.2023 - 08.06.2023**
- KYB/KYC Completed
- Contract Signed
- Milestone 1 work in progress

**Reporting Period: 09.06.2023 - 22.06.2023**
- Milestone 1 progressing as per plan

**Reporting Period: 23.06.2023 - 06.07.2023**
- Milestone 1 completed and delivered as per the contract agreement
- Routed to the Casper Association review queue
- Review will be prioritised based on triage

**Reporting Period: 07.07.2023 - Current**
- Milestone 1 review will start on week commencing 31st July