---
Milestone: "M2",
Status: "Complete",
---
<!--lang:en--> 
### Description
### Read-only Telegram wallet client

**Details of what will be delivered in this milestone:**
A read-only wallet is a trimmed-down version of a full-fledged wallet, where we request the public key and monitor the wallet's activity based on it. From the functionality described below, it will have:

- Login
- Balance
- History
- Settings (reduced functionality)
- Notifications

The goal of this client is to provide an additional way for users to interact with the Casper Blockchain, for those who prefer not to change from their current wallet.

This client will be utilizing the library from Milestone #1.

### Acceptance Criteria

Deliverable: A read-only Telegram wallet application for the Casper Blockchain.

Acceptance Criteria:

- Open-source: The Telegram bot must be open-source and hosted on GitHub.
- Login: The application must allow users to log in with their public key.
- Balance: The application must display the user's current balance on the Casper Blockchain.
- History: The application must display a record of all transactions made by the user on the Casper Blockchain.
- Settings (reduced functionality): The settings section must have limited functionality compared to a full-fledged wallet.
- Notifications: The application must provide notifications for any updates or changes to the user's balance or transactions on the Casper Blockchain.
- Utilization of Library from Milestone #1: The application must use the library provided by Milestone #1 for interacting with the Casper Blockchain.

### Progress Update

**Reporting Period: 07.07.2023 - 31.07.2023**
- Milestone 2 work in progress
- Progressing to plan 

**Reporting Period: 01.08.2023 - 31.08.2023**
- Milestone 2 final updates in progress
- Minor bugs identified in testing
- Resolutions to address the issues in progress
- Progressing to plan and expected to complete in August

**Reporting Period: 01.09.2023 - 15.09.2023**
- Milestone 2 completed
- Demo to Casper Association Developer Advocates completed
- Technical review planned
- Final Milestone approval expected after successful Technical Review

**Reporting Period: 16.09.2023 - 30.09.2023**
- Milestone 2 technical review request placed
- Awaiting review prioritisation

**Reporting Period: 01.10.2023 - current**
- Technical Review completed
- Developer Advocate approved the Milestone
- Invoice submitted for FinOps processing

